docs: create CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (#428)
grammyjs/grammY: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# grammY code of conduct

## Who We Want to Be

We as a community want to be inclusive for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, language, personal appearance, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

We are humans.
We meet each other with respect and dignity.

If it is not obvious what this means, here are a few examples of behavior that we do not tolerate.

- Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
- Public or private harassment

> - Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publishing others’ private information, such as a physical or email
```

  address, without their explicit permission

## Enforcement

Admins enforce our standards of acceptable behavior.
They take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.
When they take action, they will communicate this appropriately.

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Reviewer 2: Aren't they the administrators and not the administration?

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Reviewer 3: Yeah that's just choice of words
Administrators means individual people and administration describes a group so they are supposed to report it to any member of that group (administration)

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Author: There's no grammY administration

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Reviewer 3: Umm I think it exists unofficially the group of admins can be termed as grammy administration

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Reviewer: Yes.

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Reviewer: We need to at least replace admins with administrators. admins feels so [insert your thoughts on it here].

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Author: Yes, and the fact that it's an unofficial group of people is intended. It's just a bunch of trustworthy folks who have been with us for a little longer. I don't want to label it and make it it's own separate thing, as if the admins were forming a body independent of “the rest.”

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Author: We can call them the administrators if we want to avoid the abbreviation?
```suggestion
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the administrators at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.
```

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Reviewer 3: Yeah administrators is right

And now I think we should go forward with it, if all things have been finalised?

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the admins at <https://t.me/grammyjs>.

Author: > We need to at least replace admins with administrators. admins feels so [insert your thoughts on it here].

Oh I didn't even see this. Let's do it then!

> You can tag all available admins using the `/report` command.

Reviewer 2: It should be specified that this is for the Telegram Chat and not on GitHub (where this file is).

```suggestion
In the Telegram group chat you can tag all available admins using the `/report` command.
```

> In the Telegram group chat you can tag all available admins using the `/report` command.

Author: ```suggestion
In the Telegram group chat, you can tag all available admins using the `/report` command.
```

> In the Telegram group chat, you can tag all available admins using the `/report` command.

Reviewer: Group chat is so slang.

```suggestion
In the Telegram chat, you can tag all available admins using the `/report` command.
```

> In the Telegram group chat, you can tag all available admins using the `/report` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the chat, you can tag all available admins using the `/report` command.
```

Reviewer 2: The ` should be kept and it should be stated which chat as GitHub issues could also be seen as a way to chat about a certain topic.

Author: We can just call it chat and add a link to it, that makes it clear

Author: ```suggestion
In the [chat](https://t.me/grammyjs), you can also notify the available administrators using the `/report` command.
```

All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

Admins respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.

### Guidelines

Admins will try to follow these guidelines when taking action.

- Above all, use human judgement which is appropriate for the situation.
- Warn or temp ban people who use inappropriate language or show other unwelcome behavior.
  If there is hope that the respective person can learn and avoid such behavior in the future, it is imperative to teach them rather than banning them.
- Be transparent about your actions, and provide necessary clarity why you performed them.
- Delete messages that are too harmful to stay online and be read by others.
  Only delete these messages, and no others, so that the context of your actions is preserved as much as possible.

## Attribution

> This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org), version 2.0, available at <https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Code of Conduct is adapted from [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org), version 2.0, available at <https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html>.
```

Author: Note also that this was written by a group of native speakers, not me
